Dear customer,
With reference to your email,
In response to your email,
With regard to your memo,
Following our phone conversation,
writing with reference to your enquiry.
Thank you for your email.
As you requested, I am enclosing a
As you suggested, I am sending you
In answer to your enquiry, I am enclosing information which I hope will be useful to you.
As promised, I am sending you the
As you may already know,
As you probably know,
writing to inform you that
Please be advised that
writing to advise you that
Just to let you know
A quick note to tell you
writing to enquire about
Please could you give me the necessary details concerning
would be grateful for your advice concerning
would appreciate your advice on
like some information about
writing to explain
would like to clarify certain points regarding
would like to take this opportunity to clarify
Here’s some information about
Just to clarify
Please accept our apologies for this misunderstanding.
We apologise for our mistake and we would like to take this opportunity to assure you that it will not happen again.
We’re very sorry that
would be grateful if you could send me
would be grateful if this matter could be resolved
would appreciate further information on
Please could you give me
Please send me
Please do not hesitate to contact me if I can be of further assistance.
If you would like any more information, please do not hesitate to contact me on
Please feel free to contact me again if I can be of further assistance.
look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience.
Please get back to me asap.
writing to confirm
writing to apologize for
writing to enquire about
writing to you in response to your advertisement for
received your address from + and would like
recently wrote to you about
In reply to your letter of
With reference to your letter of
With reference to your phone call today,
After having seen your advertisement, I would like
After having received your address from
Thank you for your letter of
Thank you for your letter regarding
Thank you for your e-mail about
To Whom It May Concern:
look forward to your reply.
look forward to seeing you.
look forward to hearing from you.
look forward to hearing from you soon.
look forward to meeting you next
look forward to seeing you next
look forward to welcoming you as our customer.
look forward to an opportunity to speak with you personally.
look forward to a successful working relationship in the future.
hope to get answers from you.
Good luck and I look forward to your response.
If you require any further information, feel free to contact me.
If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact us.
Should you need any further information, please do not hesitate to contact me.
would appreciate your immediate attention to this matter.
Your prompt reply is very much appreciated
Please contact us again if we can help in any way.
Please contact us again if there are any problems.
Please contact us again if you have any questions.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thank you in advance.
Thank you for your help!
Thank you for your letter!
Thanks for your assistance!
Thank you for your patience.
Thanks for the prompt response.
Thank you for your kind comments!
Thank you very much for your answers!
Thank you for your time and consideration.
Thank you very much for your warm words!
Thank you for allowing us the privilege of serving you!
Thank you for the e-mail. We appreciate your feedback and will get back to you as soon as possible.
Suggestions are welcome, thank you.
My apologies to you for bothering you, and thank you for your kind help.
Yours faithfuly,
Sincerely yours,
Kind regards,
Best regards,
